---
layout: post
title:  "YRI Goals"
date:   2024-09-25 09:51:41 +0200
categories: goals
permalink: /yri-goals/
---

YRI is a faction for the [TU Delft Works Council](https://www.tudelft.nl/en/about-tu-delft/organisation/consultation-bodies/ondernemingsraad) founded in 2023. We aim to support Young Researchers (PhDs, Post Docs, and other early career researchers) by ensuring a safe, fair, and meaningful work environment for all employees.
Our vision is grounded in 6 fundamental pillars:

#### 1 Closing the Gap: Representing the Future of TU Delft

Currently, there are 3,154 PhD candidates employed by TU Delft, accounting for 1/3 of employees (see annual report from TU Delft 2022). However, until today, they have not been represented in the Works Council. Young Researchers’ Impact (YRI) aspires to change that by giving a voice to the next generation of academics. We believe it is essential to have a dedicated representation that understands the unique challenges of early career researchers and actively works towards solutions that benefit us all.

#### 2 Supporting Temporary Contracts and Preserving Academic Freedom

Temporary contracts can create uncertainties and challenges for early career researchers. Our fraction aims to address these concerns by advocating for better support systems and career opportunities. We value the importance of academic freedom and the pursuit of knowledge. Together, we will work to protect and promote the academic rights of all researchers, fostering an atmosphere that nurtures intellectual curiosity and exploration.

#### 3 Sustainability and Innovation: Pioneering Renewable Energies

In today's world, it is imperative to address the urgency of sustainability and embrace renewable energies. YRI firmly believes in the responsibility of the academic community to lead by example. We can shape a greener future and more eco-conscious community by fostering innovation and implementing sustainable practices.

#### 4 Inclusive Decision-Making: Empowering All Voices

Inclusivity is not just a buzzword. Instead, it is the foundation of a thriving academic environment. YRI is dedicated to ensuring that decision-making processes include perspectives from all corners of our diverse academic tapestry. By embracing diversity and being receptive to differing viewpoints, we can cultivate an atmosphere of creativity and openness that enriches our collective endeavors.

#### 5 Promoting Work-Life Balance: Enhancing Well-Being

Achieving a healthy work-life balance is essential for personal well-being and professional success. YRI will strive to implement policies and practices that prioritize the mental and physical health of all members of our academic community. By fostering an environment that supports work-life balance, we enable researchers to thrive both personally and professionally.

#### 6 Information Sharing and Networking: Empowering Connections

The pursuit of knowledge often thrives on the sharing of ideas and collaboration. YRI will actively support information-sharing and networking initiatives that facilitate the exchange of ideas, interdisciplinary research, and academic growth. By nurturing connections within our community, we can tap into our collective potential and advance the boundaries of knowledge.
Together, as YRI, we can shape policies and create an academic community that not only values individual growth but also empowers collective progress. By prioritizing the needs of early career researchers, fostering sustainability and innovation, embracing diversity and inclusivity, and promoting work-life balance, we can ensure that our beloved institution, TU Delft, remains a beacon of academic excellence and positive impact.
